Sunday of Week 7, 13/10/19 11:59PM (AEDT)

Feel free to edit and comment on this, today my job is going to be reading the ass2 brief and figuring out what and where we need to be.
p.s I am new to this so keen for input from anyone for a better way to do this
Don't forget to read the rubric everyone.-H

Team Profile 5%
Daniel has pretty much sorted this out, all we need to do is provide an image of our faces(and cats) and if we feel confident without
breaking Daniel's awesome work, put it into place. From what I can gather we all need to get a paragraph together about ourselves, essentially a condensed version of A1 to one paragraph.

Tools 5%
Group Website has pretty much been sorted by Daniel, cheers for that
"The link to your group’s website---Done Daniel
 The link to your group’s Git repository (GitHub, BitBucket, etc) ---- Done Harley
 Your comments on how well the audit trail on the Git repository reflects your group’s work. You will presumably only be able to do this close to the time of submission"---Saturday before submission? (thoughts?)

Industry Data 15% MJ - COMPLETE
** Feel free to include anything else you think is missing, especially in regards to the last question as I couldn't form a group answer**


We all need to look at our "ideal jobs" and do a bit of work answering the questions below, If we could keep this down to I guess a ?paragraph or two? Then after we're done I guess we could upload them and incorporate
them into the website somewhere.

What are the Job Titles for your group's ideal jobs? How do each of these rank in terms of demand from employers?
From your group's ideal jobs, you can identify a set of skills required for these jobs (we will refer to this as your group's required skill set).
These can be divided into general skills (communication, problem solving, writing etc) and IT-specific skills (Javascript, SQL, etc).
How do the IT-specific skills in your required skill set rank in terms of demand from employers?
How do the general skills in your required skill set rank in terms of demand from employers?
What are the three highest ranked IT-specific skills which are not in your required skill set?
What are the three highest ranked general skills which are not in your required skill set?
Having looked at the Burning Glass data, has your opinion of your ideal job changed? Why or why not?


IT Work 15%
Liam has this one down. Thanks for having great friends and taking the lead.
Perhaps in the discord give an idea of what your friend does and maybe we can think of some questions for you to ask them?

IT Technologies 20% COMPLETE
In this section you should report on 4 of the areas below.
 Clouds, services, servers(STEVEN is Done)
 Machine Learning(MJ is Done)
 Autonomous vehicles (DANIEL Is Done)
 Robots (HARLEY is DONE)

Project Ideas 10%
We need to find which project we should focus on, or create a new one entirely
Minimum 500 words would be nice to have a decent write up once we decide
What're we going to do with our project?

Feedback 10%
Download sparkPLUS, figure out how to use it
" The markers will, however, check that each person in the group has contributed via SparkPLUS,
 and the marks for this section will only be awarded if all group members have contributed in an appropriate manner by the assignment deadline. "
Is Available now
HT-Done
SF-Done
DM-Done
MA-Done

Group Reflection 10%
Each member of the group should contribute up to 200 words about their own perception of the group, and the group as a whole should contribute around 400 words. This should include the following attributes
DANIEL- DONE
HARLEY - DONE
LIAM - DONE
MARY-JANE - DONE
STEVEN - DONE

 What went well
 What could be improved
 At least one thing that was surprising
 At least one thing that you have learned about groups
 Remember to include in your section on Tools how well you think your Github log of activity reflects your group’s work on this assignment.
 I guess in week leading up to the due date we reflect and get do a short write up.

Presentation 10%
Rubric For Exemplary
Your report looks clean and professional, and uses appropriate font, colours and backgrounds. You have included an appropriate number of images.
